The goal of this project was to create an application that allows users to see how their investments will grow overtime. The project gives the user their initial investment, calculates their monthly interest, and their final total over time. I feel what I did particularly well on this assignment was compartementalizing all the different components and functions in the code. By reducing the amount of code in main, the code followed best practices and maximized efficiency. The areas of code that could be enhanced are probably the functions themselves. I think if I had a better grasp on the intricacies of C++, I would have found easier, faster and overall more efficent ways for the functions to work. The pieces of code I found most challenging to write was the mathematical components of the code. While the interest formula was provided, it was challenging, but also interesting to learn how to do that. I overcame this by researching similar mathematical codes on Youtube. I will definetely be adding Youtube as a resource for my support network. Many skills from this project would be particularly transferable to other projects as it touches on best coding practices, display menu building, and mathematical equations. These are all highly probable to be needed in future coursework and projects. I made this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable by implementing safeguards at any opportunity and creating loops for any issues that arise. By having code that is written as a catchall for situations where users inputs do not match possible inputs, it allows for improved usage overall.
